a great light has gone out in the
universe
we face an enemy powerful enough to
destroy entire civilizations lanterns it
was for this moment that we were created
it's too baby compared to la Shapira
it's bigger than any superheroes it's
it's own giant universe the
representation of space and Ola and the
Green Lantern Corps is mind-blowing so
we go from this world that we all know
to this world that these incredibly
talented artists are going to create
when martin campbell showed me the art
for this film and showed me what it was
that they were planning on doing I was
hooked it's just the most captivating
thing you'll ever see I feel like a
little kid again we're going to fly fly
he goes to this planet called R which
essentially is the base for all the
Green Lantern's the whole 3,600 of this
smells funny I smell funny I love that
this movie takes us to another planet
you know that's what these movies are
for they're meant to capture our
imagination in some of the most
impossible ways when you work on a film
of this size you realize that you're
working with the best of the best
everybody every department head
everybody working within the department
is at the top of their game the ring it
chose you use its power to defend out
universe we're at a place in time were
able to do things technologically
speaking and practically that we've
never been able to do before then I
think marrying those two is was gonna
make this movie so utterly incredible
we have a terrific cost Ryan is Hal
Jordan he is somebody that people really
like this test today it's important I'm
gonna make you look good up there don't
worry hon let's get these pants off
would fly some planes he's a first of
all a terrific actor he physically looks
great he has such a wonderful wit and
speed p oath everybody knows the oath I
pledge allegiance to a lantern that I
got from a dying purple alien there we
go the first time he's gonna take off
for the planet oh and he was wasted like
75 feet New York at 60 miles per hour it
was amazing he just rolled right with it
he did anything was asked of him that's
pretty incredible I was really rattled
we were kids I did actually i called
this room blake lively so filled the
shoes of carol above and beyond
anybody's expectations you know we
haven't been in this place together
since we flew together
well you've been flying ever since if
anyone will get in a plane so i think
it's an alien life abductor hectic just
happens to be in the wrong place at the
wrong time and he very slowly starts to
become the malevolent monster peter is
such an incredible actor and he has
worked so hard to create this really
great villain we're gonna get you well
again I've never felt better in my life
are you afraid human no don't do that
got mark strong I mean come on mark
strong when it was rumored that he might
jump in and roll up Sinestro I just
thought that's got to happen Sinestro is
the one that leads the Green Lantern's
and he's totally committed to the cause
losers I will need to tell you your duty
I don't need to tell you who we are this
movie is heavy an action and explosions
and fights and trips to outer space and
back again and it's really a classic
hero's tale the one thing that a Green
Lantern is supposed to be is fearless
that isn't me
you had the ability to overcome fear
you